Cut(eos_designs)!: Remove deprecated keys for snmp_settings (#5830)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

| `snmp_settings.enable_mgmt_interface_vrf` | `snmp_settings.vrfs[name="use_mgmt_interface_vrf"].enabled` |
| `snmp_settings.hosts[].use_inband_mgmt_vrf` | `snmp_settings.hosts[vrf=use_inband_mgmt_vrf]` |
| `snmp_settings.hosts[].use_mgmt_interface_vrf` | `snmp_settings.hosts[vrf=use_mgmt_interface_vrf]` |
| `snmp_settings.ipv4_acls` | `snmp_settings.vrfs[].ipv4_acl` |
| `snmp_settings.ipv6_acls` | `snmp_settings.vrfs[].ipv6_acl` |
| `source_interfaces.domain_lookup` | `dns_settings` |
| `source_interfaces.radius` | `aaa_settings.radius.vrfs[].source_interface or aaa_settings.radius.servers[].vrf: use_mgmt_interface_vrf or aaa_settings.radius.servers[].vrf: use_inband_mgmt_vrf` |
| `source_interfaces.snmp` | `snmp_settings.vrfs[].source_interface or snmp_settings.hosts[].vrf: use_mgmt_interface_vrf or snmp_settings.hosts[].vrf: use_inband_mgmt_vrf or avd_6_behaviors.snmp_settings_vrfs` |
| `source_interfaces.tacacs` | `aaa_settings.tacacs.vrfs[].source_interface or aaa_settings.tacacs.servers[].vrf: use_mgmt_interface_vrf or aaa_settings.tacacs.servers[].vrf: use_inband_mgmt_vrf` |

> ### Enable VRF to configure `IPV4` and `IPV6` ACLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SNMP IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs are now only configured when the VRF is enabled
```

> ### SNMP IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs are now only configured when the VRF is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SNMP `snmp-server` IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs are now only configured when the VRF is enabled under `snmp_settings.vrfs`
```

> In AVD 5.x, SNMP IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs were rendered even if the VRF was not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AVD 5.x, SNMP `snmp-server` IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs were rendered even when the VRF was not enabled under `snmp_settings.vrfs`.
```

> In AVD 5.x, we could render IPv4/IPv6 ACLs even if the VRF enable was not set.
> 
> In AVD 6.x, it is required to enable VRF in order to configure IPV4/IPV6 ACLs or use custom structured config.
> 
> ```diff
>  vrfs:
>   - name: Test_VRF
> +   enable: true
>     ipv4_acl: IPV4
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AVD 5.x, SNMP IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs were rendered even if the VRF was not enabled.

Starting AVD 6.0.0, it is required to set `enable: true` under the VRF in order to render IPV4 and IPV6 ACLs or use `custom_structured_config`.

```diff
 vrfs:
  - name: Test_VRF
+   enable: true
    ipv4_acl: IPV4
```
```

>  vrfs:
>   - name: Test_VRF
> +   enable: true
>     ipv4_acl: IPV4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
snmp_settings:
   vrfs:
    - name: Test_VRF
+     enable: true
      ipv4_acl: IPV4
```
